[python-package] add install option to enable printing of time costs (#5497)
microsoft/LightGBM: python-package/README.rst

It is **strongly not recommended** to use this version of LightGBM!

Build with time costs output
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code:: sh

    pip install lightgbm --install-option=--time-costs

> Users who want to perform benchmarking can make LightGBM output time costs for different internal routines thanks to this install parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this option to make LightGBM output time costs for different internal routines, to investigate and benchmark its performance.
```

Will you please switch to this wording which is a bit more direct (e.g. "Use this..." instead of "Users who...")? It's a minor personal preference, but I prefer language like that for documentation like this.

Author: Alright! FYI, I've mostly copy/pasted it from the [installation guide](https://lightgbm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Installation-Guide.html) to remain coherent. In case you would like to change it there too.
